faq.md: add 1 FAQ (#787)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/faq.md

> **Note:**
> 
> The environment variables related to `proxy` include `http_proxy`, `https_proxy`, and `no_proxy`. If the connection error persists after you perform the above steps, check whether the configuration parameters of `http_proxy` and `no_proxy` are correct.

## How to handle the returned error when executing start-relay command for DM versions from 2.0.2 to 2.0.6?

```
flush local meta, Rawcause: open relay-dir/xxx.000001/relay.metayyyy: no such file or directory
```

The above error might be made in the following cases:

- DM has been upgraded from v2.0.1 and earlier to v2.0.2 - v2.0.6, and relay log is started before the upgrade and restarted after the upgrade.
- Execute the stop-relay command to pause the relay log and then restart it.

> You can avoid this error by the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can avoid this error by the following options:
```

> 1. restart relay log
> 
>     ```
>     » stop-relay -s sourceID workerName
>     » start-relay -s sourceID workerName
>     ```
> 
> 2. upgrade DM to v2.0.7 and later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restart relay log:

    ```
    » stop-relay -s sourceID workerName
    » start-relay -s sourceID workerName
    ```

- Upgrade DM to v2.0.7 or later versions.
```

> **Note:**
> 
> The environment variables related to `proxy` include `http_proxy`, `https_proxy`, and `no_proxy`. If the connection error persists after you perform the above steps, check whether the configuration parameters of `http_proxy` and `no_proxy` are correct.

## How to deal with the error of executing start-relay command from v2.0.2 to v2.0.6?

```
flush local meta, Rawcause: open relay-dir/xxx.000001/relay.metayyyy: no such file or directory
```

The above error can be caused by the following reason:

> - DM has been upgraded from v2.0.1 and earlier to v2.0.2 - v2.0.6, and relay log was started before the upgrade and restarted again after the upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- DM has been upgraded from v2.0.1 and earlier to v2.0.2 - v2.0.6, and relay log is started before the upgrade and restarted after the upgrade.
```

> - Use the stop-relay command to pause the relay log and then restart it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Execute the stop-relay command to pause the relay log and then restart it
```
